As I am wrapping this project up and reflecting on what I've learned, I leave the following thoughts. 

Here is the file to my final code [here](../files/FINAL_PROJECT.ipynb)!

My tip for future students who are learning programming is to not wait until the last minute to do an assignment. When coding, it's important to have lots of time so you can think out your code and make it as efficient as possible. If you cram the work right before its due, often times things might be overlooked or the solution you find might not be the best because you didn't have enough time to ponder about it. I would also recommend students to ask questions when they are confused, don't wait until
later to ask the question, if you're confused, ask clarifying questions. Programming also builds upon itself, so if you don't ask questions and are confused about something that is like a concept you cover in the beginning, learning new things that add onto that concept will be hard if you don't fully understand the original concept. So, start your homework on time and ask questions! 

As I said before, programming builds upon itself and I think it's very important to have a firm understanding of the basics, you once you start adding in concepts that are a little harder, your foundation is very strong. I also think it's important to just try out different things when writing your code, like if you're not completely sure if your idea will work, just try it! By doing so, you might learn that it does work or you might learn that it doesn't work and start coming up with other ideas of how to solve the problem. 


I don't think my perception of computer science has really changed, but I do feel like when I am writing code now, I can more easily recognize connections to the real world. I also feel like in the real world, I'll see something and somehow my mind relates it back to computer programming and python. I do believe that my brain is way more used to thinking about python now and I am really happy when I make connections between the real world and code. For example, I looked up how Dum Dums are distributed and apparently it's randomly distributed. And when I read that, my mind immediately went to the random module and that's how the whole idea of my final project even began. I think learning how to make connections to solve problems can help develop your critical thinking skills and improve your approach to a problem! 
